Update the log information's (#381)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/logs.md

Since we are concerned with searching logs and their visualization, we will focus on these three features indicated by the red rectangle in the figure above. If you are interested to know more about the rest please visit the [official OpenSearch Dashboards documentation](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/dashboards/index/).

> Before we dive in further, let us discuss the type of logs ingested into OpenSearch. Logs in CK8s cluster are filtered and indexed by fluentd into **two** major category and then sub-categorized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we dive in further, let us discuss the type of logs ingested into OpenSearch. Logs in CK8s cluster are filtered and indexed by fluentd into four categories.
```

Author: @OlleLarsson Thanks olle !! I fixed it

**Application level logs**

>   -  **Kubeaudit logs** related to [Kubernetes audits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/audit/) to provide security-relevant chronological set of records documenting the sequence of activities that have affected system by individual users, administrators or other components of the system.This is mostly related to the ISO 27001 requirement A.12.4.3 "Administrator and Operator Logs".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -  **Kubeaudit logs** related to [Kubernetes audits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/audit/) to provide security-relevant chronological set of records documenting the sequence of activities that have affected system by individual users, administrators or other components of the system. This is mostly related to the ISO 27001 requirement A.12.4.3 "Administrator and Operator Logs".
```

Author: Thanks @cristiklein This has been fixed now !!

  -  **Kubernetes logs** that provide insight into CK8s resources such as Nodes, Pods, Containers, Deployments and ReplicaSets. This allows you to observe the interactions between those resources and see the effects that one action has on another. Generally, logs in the CK8s ecosystem can be divided into the cluster level (logs outputted by components such as the kubelet, the API server, the scheduler) and the application level (logs generated by pods and containers). This is mostly related to the ISO 27001 requirement A.12.4.3 "Administrator and Operator Logs".

> **System level logs**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Platform level logs**
```

Author: Thanks @cristiklein This has been fixed now !!

>   -  **Kubernetes logs** that provide insight into CK8s resources such as nodes, Pods, containers, deployments and replica sets. This allows you to observe the interactions between those resources and see the effects that one action has on another. Generally, logs in the CK8s ecosystem can be divided into the cluster level (logs outputted by components such as the kubelet, the API server, the scheduler) and the application level (logs generated by pods and containers).This is mostly related to the ISO 27001 requirement A.12.4.3 "Administrator and Operator Logs".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -  **Kubernetes logs** that provide insight into CK8s resources such as Nodes, Pods, Containers, Deployments and ReplicaSets. This allows you to observe the interactions between those resources and see the effects that one action has on another. Generally, logs in the CK8s ecosystem can be divided into the cluster level (logs outputted by components such as the kubelet, the API server, the scheduler) and the application level (logs generated by pods and containers).This is mostly related to the ISO 27001 requirement A.12.4.3 "Administrator and Operator Logs".
```

Author: Thanks @cristiklein This has been fixed now !!

>   - **Authlog** includes information about system authorization, along with user logins and the authentication mechanism that were used. Such as ssh access to the nodes. This is mostly related to the ISO 27001 requirement A.12.4.3 "Administrator and Operator Logs".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **Authlog** includes information about system authorization, along with user logins and the authentication mechanism that were used. Such as SSH access to the Nodes. This is mostly related to the ISO 27001 requirement A.12.4.3 "Administrator and Operator Logs".
```

Author: Thanks @cristiklein This has been fixed now !!

>   -  **Others** logs other than the above two are indexed and shipped to OpenSearch as *others*. Such logs are basically your application level logs.This is mostly related to the ISO 27001 requirement A.12.4.1 "Event Logging".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -  **Others** logs other than the above two are indexed and shipped to OpenSearch as *others*. These logs are collected from the Node's [`journald`](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-journald.service.html#) logging system.
```

Author: Thanks @cristiklein This has been fixed now !!

>   -  **Others** logs other than the above two are indexed and shipped to OpenSearch as *others*. Such logs are basically your application level logs.This is mostly related to the ISO 27001 requirement A.12.4.1 "Event Logging".

Reviewer 2: I'm confused. Doesn't "other" come from journald on the Nodes? If "others" are "basically your application level logs", then what's the difference between `kubernetes*` and `other`?

Author: @cristiklein Yeah agreed !! I have requested in team for more clarifications !! I had a look into both and i would say `Others` are more into `system level ck8s logs`  ex- kubelet interactions logs 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/75951259/186163397-13432f03-a07d-4b8e-8fca-8a13631250d1.png)

!!!note

>     **Users** have access to all the index pattern but can only view the logs of **kubernetes** and **kubeaudit**.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is confusing. Unless I misunderstood the intention, I would reformulate to:

```suggestion
    **Users** can only view the logs of **kubernetes** and **kubeaudit**. **authlog** and **others** are for Compliant Kubernetes administrators.
```

Author: Thanks @cristiklein This has been fixed now !!
